# FantasyVALORANT
#### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/9cAQJJvy7rM>
#### Description: FantasyVALORANT is a web-based app/game that is inspired by Fantasy Football and Riot Games's VALORANT and its corresponding Esports scene. The overall goal of the game is to create a fantasy VALORANT team and participate in a fantasy esports scene. Users start by creating an account where they will declare their region which they will represent (Americas, EMEA, Pacific) as well as their team name/symbol. They also begin with some credits which they will use to recruit agents (players and coaches) using a gacha system. Each agent contribute to a team's overall Team Strength. Using this Team Strength, teams can compete against other teams and see which is better. Users also have the ability to drop agents from their roster or hold a player on the bench. Users can ultimately create the ideal team and compete against friends or strangers anywhere.
#### Registration: Users need to fill out username, password, confirm the password, a name, team name, and team name abbreviation. The system will reject usernames that already exists, team names that already exists, and team abbreviation that already exists. It will also check on the spot if the confirmation password matches the password. The password is then hashed to protect user privacy. Once the user presses the "Register Account" button, the system will either return feedback for invalid information or redirect the user to the login page with feedback for successful registration. Successful registration means the system has obtain and inserted user information to the "user" table as well as created an empty row for them in the "team" table.
#### Log In: Users need to login with correct information in order to access the game and the rest of the tabs.
#### Dashboard: Once users successfully login, they will see their team dashboard. Here, the user will see their team is comprised of a coach, 5 players, and a bench player, and an undescriptive "Team Strenght". However, the starting team only has a coach named "Your dad" and no players. The "Team Strenght" is also unrevealed until the team is compeleted. Users will want to recruit more players onto their team. They can do this by clicking on the "Recruit" tab.
#### Recruit: Once users click on the "Recruit" tab, they will see their credits and cost to recruit. Users start with 2000 credits and need 100 credits to recruit either a new coach or a player. When users click on the "Purchase Loot Box" button, the system will check if the user credits less than 100. If it is, it will generate feedback for insufficient credits. If user credits is equal or more than 100, the system will proceed to choose whether the user will receive a coach or a player. From then it will choose the rarity of the agent and then choose a random agent from the respective coach/player table with the corresponding rarity. If the team has space, the table team will update to add new agent. If the team already has the agent, it will return feedback and return 50 credits. If the team is full, it will redirect the user to the "Drop" tab where the user must drop the unsigned agent or a currently owned agent.
##### Agent Type Drop Rate: Coach = 1/6; Player = 5/6
##### Rarity Drop Rate: A Tier = 1%; B Tier = 9%; C Tier = 30%; Casual = 60%
#### Drop: Users can see their entire team as well as the unsigned coach/player. The user can use this page to drop an agent and replace them with a new agent.
#### Play: If the team does not fill the coach or player 1 - 5 spots, the system will tell the user they need to fill their team in order to play. Once the team is filled, the user can see their team and an opposing team. The opposing team is randomly selected from the "users" table who has a valid team to play with. The user can see their team strength but not the opposing team strength. Thus, the user does not know whether their team is stronger than the other and will not know until the commit to the compete button. If the compete button is clicked, the user will see if their strength was higher, equal, or lower. Respectively, the result will be Victory (which increments win counter by 1 and adds 250 credits to user), Draw, or Loss (which increments loss counter by 1).

#### Known Issues: Insufficient credits to recruit and incomplete team to compete, how to earn credits; bench player not automatically moving to empty spot if user drops starting player
#### Future Featers: Change password, email linking, trading, leaderboard, match history, inbox, map modifier, agent/region restriction
#### Contact for agent suggestions or support: chriscodes.business@gmail.com
